Add documentation for TeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy cmdlets (#10657)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md

## SYNTAX

### GrantToUser
```
Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy -Identity <String> [[-PolicyName] <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### GrantToGroup
```
Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy [[-PolicyName] <String>] [-Group] <String> -Rank <Int32>
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### GrantToTenant
```
Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy [[-PolicyName] <String>] [-Global] [-Force] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Assigns a teams meeting branding policy at the per-user scope. The CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy cmdlets enable administrators to control the appearance in meetings by defining custom background, logo and colors.

## EXAMPLES

### Assign TeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy to user
```powershell
PS C:\> Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy -identity "testuser@testtenantdomain.onmicrosoft.com" -PolicyName "Policy Test"
```

In the example shown above, the command will assign TeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy with name `Policy Test` to user `testuser@testtenantdomain.onmicrosoft.com`.

### Assign TeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy to group
```powershell
PS C:\> Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy -Group Testgroupassignments@testtenantdomain.onmicrosoft.com -PolicyName "Policy Test" -Rank 1
```

> In the example shown above, the command will assign TeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy with name `Policy Test` to group `Testgroupassignments@testtenantdomain.onmicrosoft.com`.

Reviewer: Can we use Contoso here?

Author: Changed to alice@contoso.com and group@contoso.com

---
external help file: Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: MicrosoftTeams
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/grant-csteamsmeetingbrandingpolicy
schema: 2.0.0
title: Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy
author: szymonkatraMSFT
ms.author: szymonkatra
ms.reviewer:
manager: stanlythomas
---

# Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy

## SYNOPSIS

> Assigns a teams meeting branding policy at the per-user scope. The CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy cmdlets enable administrators to control the appearance in meetings by defining custom background, logo and colors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Assigns a teams meeting branding policy at the per-user scope. The CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy cmdlet enables administrators to control the appearance in meetings by defining custom backgrounds, logos, and colors.
```

## SYNTAX

### GrantToUser
```
Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy -Identity <String> [[-PolicyName] <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### GrantToGroup
```
Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy [[-PolicyName] <String>] [-Group] <String> -Rank <Int32>
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### GrantToTenant
```
Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy [[-PolicyName] <String>] [-Global] [-Force] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> Assigns a teams meeting branding policy at the per-user scope. The CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy cmdlets enable administrators to control the appearance in meetings by defining custom background, logo and colors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Assigns a teams meeting branding policy at the per-user scope. The CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy cmdlet enables administrators to control the appearance in meetings by defining custom backgrounds, logos, and colors.
```

## EXAMPLES

> ### Assign TeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy to user

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Assign TeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy to a user
```

```powershell
PS C:\> Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy -identity "alice@contoso.com" -PolicyName "Policy Test"
```

> In the example shown above, the command will assign TeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy with name `Policy Test` to user `alice@contoso.com`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, the command assigns TeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy with the name `Policy Test` to user `alice@contoso.com`.
```

> ### Assign TeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy to group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Assign TeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy to a group
```

```powershell
PS C:\> Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy -Group group@contoso.com -PolicyName "Policy Test" -Rank 1
```

> In the example shown above, the command will assign TeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy with name `Policy Test` to group `group@contoso.com`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, the command will assign TeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy with the name `Policy Test` to group `group@contoso.com`.
```

## PARAMETERS

### -Identity
The user you want to grant policy to. This can be specified as SIP address, UserPrincipalName, or ObjectId.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: GrantToUser
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PolicyName

> The name of the custom policy that is being assigned to the user. To remove a specific assignment and fall back to the default tenant policy, you can assign to $Null.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The name of the custom policy that is being assigned to the user. To remove a specific assignment and fall back to the default tenant policy, you can assign it to $Null.
```

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: GrantToGroup
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Global
Use this switch if you want to grant the specified policy to be the default policy for all users in the tenant.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: GrantToTenant
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Force
Suppresses any confirmation prompts that would otherwise be displayed before making changes.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## NOTES

> Available in Teams PowerShell Module 4.9.3 or later.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Available in Teams PowerShell Module 4.9.3 and later.
```

## RELATED LINKS

> [Get-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy](Get-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md)
> [Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy](Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md)
> [New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy](New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md)
> [Remove-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy](Remove-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md)
> [Set-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy](Set-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Get-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy](Get-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md)

[Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy](Grant-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md)

[New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy](New-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md)

[Remove-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy](Remove-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md)

[Set-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy](Set-CsTeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy.md)
```
